include "mapinfo/ADDICTIV.txt" // ADDICTIV.wad
include "mapinfo/#1DWANGO.txt" // #1DWANGO.wad
include "mapinfo/AZDWANGO.txt" // AZDWANGO.wad
include "mapinfo/BIGGER32.txt" // BIGGER32.wad
include "mapinfo/BOURGDM.txt" // BOURGFIX.WAD
include "mapinfo/BUKETDM2.txt" // buketdm2.wad
include "mapinfo/DANZIG.txt" // DANZIG1.wad + DANZIG2.wad
include "mapinfo/DCDWANGO.txt" // DCDWANGO.wad
include "mapinfo/DECACOMP.txt" // deca-complete.wad
include "mapinfo/DOOMKID.txt" // dk_dm_pack.wad
include "mapinfo/DURANGO.txt" // Durangov1.wad
include "mapinfo/DWANGO1.txt" // DWANGO1.wad
include "mapinfo/DWANGO2.txt" // DWANGO2.wad
include "mapinfo/DWANGO3.txt" // DWANGO3.wad
include "mapinfo/DWANGO4.txt" // DWANGO4.wad
include "mapinfo/DWANGO5.txt" // DWANGO5.wad
include "mapinfo/DWANGO6.txt" // DWANGO6.wad
include "mapinfo/DWANGO7.txt" // DWANGO7.wad
include "mapinfo/DWANGO8.txt" // DWANGO8.wad
include "mapinfo/DWANGO10.txt" // DWANGO10.wad
include "mapinfo/DWANGO11.txt" // DWANGO11.wad
include "mapinfo/DWANGO12.txt" // DWANGO12.wad
include "mapinfo/DWANGOX.txt" // DWANGOX.wad
include "mapinfo/DWANGO20.txt" // DWANGO20.wad
include "mapinfo/DWANGO!.txt" // DWANGO!.wad
include "mapinfo/FREEDMCE.TXT" // FREEDMCE.wad
include "mapinfo/LBDWANGO.txt" // LBDWANGO.wad
include "mapinfo/IPXMATCH.txt" // ipxmatch.zip
include "mapinfo/EDM.txt" // edm.wad
include "mapinfo/EXECBRIT.txt" // execbrit10brit11.wad
include "mapinfo/FINALFRG.txt" // FINALFRG.wad
include "mapinfo/GOTHICDM.txt" // GOTHICDM.wad
include "mapinfo/GOTHIC2.txt" // GOTHIC2.wad
include "mapinfo/GREENWAR.txt" // GreenWar.wad
include "mapinfo/TNTGRVNC.txt" // TNTGRVNC.wad
include "mapinfo/OVERLOAD.txt" // overload.wad
include "mapinfo/OZWANGO.txt" // OZWANGO.wad
include "mapinfo/PYRRHIC.txt" // pyrrhicxl.wad
include "mapinfo/SURGE.txt" // surge.wad
include "mapinfo/TOKEDM.txt" // TOKEDM.wad
include "mapinfo/WANG.txt" // wang.wad
include "mapinfo/VEXDOOM.txt" // vex-doom.wad